[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> A world shifting view
is about to take place.
In this episode, we
explore what that is.
>> In the current worldview,
there is a limited amount
of resources.
There is a limited
amount of energy.
There is a limited amount
of land that we fight for.
Systems always go
towards disorder.
We can never get more energy
out of a system than the energy
we put in.
So we are always deficient.
And the survival of our
species is very much
challenged by the result of our
activity on our environment.
There is a world shift
view that's occurring.
We are discovering that there
is an abundant amount of energy.
There is a source
of energy we didn't
know was there, just like
Faraday in the earlier time
discovered that by moving a
magnet cross a coil he could
get a source of energy we
called the electric field that
was unknown before.
We are now realizing
that there is
a source of energy at
the basis of creation
that is fluctuating
at the quantum scale
that we could have access
to, and that everything
emerged from and returned to.
And this world shift
view has a deep meaning
to all of our lives, to the
understanding of who we are,
and how we came to be,
and what is our role
to play in this great
wildworks of nature.
Of course, this
energy can be accessed
through technological
development in a laboratory
if our world turned
its eyes towards it
and put the effort and the
resources needed towards it.
The result will be a very
fundamental change in the way
we do business, in the way our
financial structures function,
in the way we interact with
the world and the universe.
But this energy as well is the
energy that runs you currently.
In these episodes we
discuss how it may actually
be the energy that
you call consciousness
that animates you every day.
You can be a participant
in this transformation,
in this change in worldview,
in your own individual way
by learning to interact
with this energy,
becoming aware of this energy,
by connecting to it, by growing
and transforming.
Because when every individual
transform, the world transform.
Changing the world means
changing you, primarily.
And then the world will change.
Becoming aware of this
energy, becoming aware
that you are animated
by it, becoming aware
that your consciousness is
not limited to the brain
activity of your body, but that
your consciousness can extend
to an infinite potential
within every atom of your body
and that you are connected
to a network of information
across all scales
in the universe
transforms your view and
your worldview to a worldview
of abundance, of infinite
amount of energy,
of infinite amount of
information available to you.
And it brings you into
that place of coherency
that we have described as a
place where masters reside.
The master is within you.
All of the masters
that walk the world
have talked about
accessing this energy.
And I've talked about how all
beings have this potential
to be the master.
By the discovery
of these mechanics,
by the discovery
of these physics,
we can bring each individual
to become the most
powerful, the most incredible,
and the most profound being
interacting with itself and with
the world in such a way that
is productive, generative,
transformative for the whole.
The technologies
that are emerging
from this discovery of the
Planck vacuum structure
and the new physics
that comes with it
are going to change
many of the way we
think of our self and
the world as well.
When you have technology that
demonstrates to you that there
is an infinite amount of energy,
that you can go and orbit
Jupiter for the weekend, it's
not outside the possibilities,
that you don't need to burn
millions of tons of fuels
to get there, you can
imagine the transformation
that will happen in the
consciousness of people.
However, in order for
these technologies
to emerge into a world, the
world must get ready for it.
The consciousness have to be
there in order to technology
to be thought of,
to be defined, to be
engineered into our world.
It is up to each
one of us, then,
to learn about this new
understanding of the structure
of the vacuum and the dynamics
of creation that eventually
animates each one of us.
It's up to us to
transform ourself in order
that we can see this
potential within ourself,
and then, eventually,
apply it to the world,
so that we can support it.
Every single individual
that has this realization
that they are interacting
with the field
and that that field is part of
them and transforming them--
every individual that
makes that transformation
is supporting the emergence
of this type of science
and technology into the world.
However, the
technology emerging--
that is, for instance,
overunity becoming available
in the world--
will change the
consciousness as well.
We just need front
leaders that can
see the vision of
this happening,
so that it's supported
and it can happen.
The masses will see
this technology.
And it will transform
their consciousness
because of the mechanics
that is being demonstrated
to them at that time.
For instance, it's well
known that astronauts
that go up in space and see
the world from space change
their perspective, change their
understanding of humanity,
and come back transformed
from these experiences.
So it is a feed forward
feedback between the technology
and our consciousness.
Our consciousness must be able
to visualize it, understand it,
understand the
physics, the mechanics.
And then the technology
help our consciousness
actualize this new
understanding in our world
and transform our
understanding even
at the deeper level as
we experience the benefit
of these type of technology.
So this is the dynamics
of the universe
at all scale expressing
itself in our society.
It is, thus, critical
that every one of you
individually make
an effort to bring
this understanding
and these new dynamics
and to support this
effort in your own life
and to support it
outside of yourself
with all these different
organizations that are working
on these type of things.
It must become the
most important endeavor
of the scientific community
in the world today.
If you are a scientist
and you can help,
then that's one
way you can help.
But everybody must help
by changing themselves.
When we change ourself,
we change the world.
The change that people
can make in their own life
is to become aware
of this energy,
to become aware that they are
interacting with the field,
that they're not isolated,
that there is no isolated
system, that everything they do
affects everything, that they
have a responsibility in what
they think, what they say,
how they do it, what
they do around them.
This is critical.
If we realize this
in our life, our life
looks vastly different.
We realize that we have
an influence on what
is occurring around
us, that we are not
isolated in our relationship
to the universe-- is
almost infinite.
That what we think and how
we think and what we do
and how we do it is
influencing the whole.
And so we become very much
aware of everything we do.
We have a sense
of responsibility
of what goes on in our world,
but as well of what goes on
in our life.
As well, we develop
a sense of gratitude
for the amazing
opportunity to be
part of this great development
of the universe learning
about itself through our
thoughts, our interpretation,
our discoveries.
This realization transforms
an individual life
at the deepest level,
and as well, supports
and helps to transcend
some of the limitation
that we have self-imposed
by a misunderstanding
of the fundamental
mechanics of our universe.
The event of this
new understanding
and the development of the
technology that comes with it
will change the way countries
interact with each other.
It will change the way humanity
interacts with each other.
The source of energy
being almost infinite,
the capacity to have almost
infinite amount of resources
by being able to go
to the asteroid belt
to get anything we want, or
to find it on another planet,
or to even have terraforming
of other planet, and so on,
will eliminate the
stressors that currently
keeps our world at war--
the idea that there is not
enough energy for everybody,
that there is not
enough resources,
enough land, and so on.
And the fighting
and the infighting
that goes on as a result
of this will disappear.
The source of energy
being extracted directly
out of the structure
of space-time
with almost an infinite
amount of energy available
and the capacity to
control this energy
to produce gravitational effects
and gravitational control
will free humanity from
the sense of scarcity
that leads to war and
fighting for resources
that are required for survival.
This is a dramatic change
in our understanding
and our interaction
with each other
that was actually predicted
by many ancient civilization
that it would occur.
It was always interpreted as a
very philosophical concept that
is thought to be that society in
a certain period of time, which
was mapped by calendars
in ancient time--
there would be a world shift.
And that humanity would ascend.
And that war would end.
And that the world would
regain its natural beauty.
And that we would
live in Eden again.
I believe this is where we
are arriving as a society
today as we are discovering
this new source of energy.
I don't think that the world
ascending was just meaning
in ascension in consciousness.
But it is, as well,
a literal ascension
as we discover
control of gravity
and we birth a society
into a space colony.
And the result of
this development
in our understanding
and in the technology
based on the rediscovery of
this fundamental energy--
the mana, the ether,
and so on that
was described by these
ancient civilization--
the end of warring, the end
of infighting, and so on.
That was described as these
thousands of years of peace
that we would enter into during
this new period in history.
That was defined in
this region of our time
today by ancient calendars.
This prediction that we would
enter a time of peace because
of this ascension,
which I believe
is the result of gravity
control being discovered
and the energy of the
vacuum that will give us
an infinite amount of energy,
is consistent across all
of these different
cultures around the world.
It's even mentioned in the
Bible in the Book of Revelation
that we would eventually
reach that point
after a period of great chaos.
This is the point at
which I think we are.
The discovery of
these new physics
and the technological
development that comes from it
will lead us there.
The birth of this new worldview
may be a little bit difficult
as we transform our morses and
our structure in our society.
And so it may be a little
bit of a painful birth.
But I believe that
we will achieve
this in the next few decades.
And so I'm very enthusiastic.
And I'm very excited
about this transformation.
Personally, I have been working
on this for some 30 years.
I am not the only one.
There is many different
inventors and scientists
all around the world now
that are picking up the ball
and are running with it.
There is much efforts that are
being made in many laboratories
around the world to
develop this technology.
However, it still
needs much more support
from the financial structure and
from the scientific community
to emerge into our world.
But we are very close.
In my laboratory, personally, I
have worked on gravity control.
I have worked on
overunity devices.
And I have worked on
life extension devices
all from the result
of extracting
a little bit of energy from
the structure of the vacuum.
We've been successful in
some of these endeavors.
We are still working on some
of these endeavors as well.
However, the support is
required at this time, not just
the support financially, which
is, of course, necessary,
because doing physics at a
high level is fairly expensive.
But most importantly
as well, the support
by the scientific
community to help us
continue to flesh
out these equations
and look at their consequences
and their new understanding
of physics.
I'm very happy and proud to say
that we have an amazing team
of physicists working with us.
And we are advancing
very rapidly now,
as we have discovered some
of the fundamental links
between thermodynamics angular
momentum, energy, mass,
geometry, and most
importantly, gravity and all
of the forces of nature.
And these math, so
far, are very precise.
And they give very clear
and simple understanding
of these mechanics.
However, as we develop
these math and the map
gets larger and larger,
there is so much more
to explore and so many
details to explore that it's
becoming overwhelming.
And we need the support of
the scientific community
to help us with this.
So personally, I think we
have moved forward and made
great strides in developing both
the theory and the technology.
And we are very, very close.
We need the support
of every individual
out there to make it
happen and to allow it
to be birthed into our world.
This new understanding
of who we are,
discovering that we're emerging
from a flow of information
at the quantum scale that has
cohered all of the biology
into existence,
to this complexity
and then eventually our
body, and discovering
the deep, incredible, infinite
information network that we're
part of gives us, as
well, a view of our role
to play in the universal
structure learning
about itself.
We have a role to play as
an individual in the world.
We have a role to play as a
human endeavor in the galaxy.
We have a responsibility
to the evolution
of our universe as individual
and as a collective
of human beings.
To realize this
responsibility, we
must first realize
our connection
to all there is through
this new understanding
of the physics of creation.
We are in a new time.
Our level of consciousness
is rising very rapidly.
Where before there was a lot of
resistance to these new idea,
more and more people
are opening up to them,
including in the
scientific community.
Of course, they need
the goods to believe it.
And the equations are there.
And they're giving
the correct answers.
And that will help.
And as we develop the
technology and the technology
is confirmed, then
that will help as well.
There is a shift
in consciousness
that's happening globally.
And it's emerging in
all of the fields,
from financial structures,
military structures,
scientific institutions,
and many different fields,
all fields of investigation
and discovery in the world.
So everything is
changing very rapidly.
And it's almost hard
to keep up with it.
So I am very optimistic
in this transformation
to happen in the
next decade, and
that the scientific community
will soon allow this revolution
to occur in our
world and actually
get on board with this
new field of investigation
called vacuum engineering or
quantum vacuum engineering.
There is a bright
future for humanity.
It's right there in front of us.
We're very close now.
Don't despair.
I know that when you look
at the 5 o'clock news
or you look at the
political debates
you might get very discouraged
and feel that there is no hope,
or if you look at the data
for some of the events that
are occurring in our biological
environment and our challenges.
But there is a solution.
We are very close to it.
We are very close to
transforming our world
into something remarkable.
And so that is what is important
to keep our eyes on and keep
going for that amazing
transformation,
for that amazing world that
we can develop together.
And let all of the rest go,
because it will work itself
out.
As long as we keep our eyes on
this goal, we will achieve it.
A revolution in physics
is about to occur.
And you are part of it.
I'm Nassim Haramein.
And thank you for watching.
[MUSIC PLAYING]